1.Jmeter Provides record and play back option that means we dont need to write code to develop scripts.
 a) We need to run test script and before running it we need to record that actions.
 b) Based on the actions jmeter script will record all your manual efforts and then it will run same like human whatevre we did manually.
 c) So once we start running of the script, we need to analyze time and performace of the script that jmeter will generate it.
 d) But some times browsers generate dynamic variables and dymanic cookies so in that case we need to do some maintance in our script that was generated by Jmeter.

2.To record scripts using jmeter follow below steps
  1. We need to setup few actions in toll level (JMeter).
    a) Right click on JMeter.
    b) Add -> Non-Test Elements -> HTTP(S) Test Script Recorder.
    c) Then you can choose any name (Script name) in Name of the edit box.
    d) Select target controller as "Test Plan > HTTP(S) Test Script Recorder".
    e) Default port number 8888 and you can chnage it to anything if you want.
    f) Then select Request filtering option and click on Add suggested Excludes option then it will add few exclude options
       Example : While Testing web applications we may have n number of buttons, images and UI graphics and so on but here we are performing load testing
                 So simply we just dont need that hence we are clicking on the suggested execlude options.
                 Bcz here we are going to deal with Requests and response of the web application.
  2. We need to setup few things in browser level. (Applicable to firefox browser only).
    a) open browser and select options.
    b) Search for network settings.
    c) Dive into it.
    d) By default it was Use "system proxy settings" so we need to change it to "Manual proxy configurations" and mention port number whatever that we mentioned in Jmeter tool.
    e) Mention HTTP Proxy as 127.0.0.1 as it was local host ip address which is displayed on the screen itself in firefox browser and then select check box as Also 
       use this proxy for FTP and HTTPS.
    f) Click on Ok.
    g) After setting proxy if you try to navigate to any website it won't work.
    h) It works once we click on start button in jmeter.
    i) Afetr script completion again you cant access any of the websites so you need to change network settings back to default which are "System Proxy settings".
  3. We need to install certificates.
    a) If we are trying to access any websites which has http then its fine.
    b) If we are trying to access https then we need to install certificates so that jmeter will convice that the application is trusted. To install certificate follow below steps
      1). Go to option in browser
      2). first we need to download certificate from the below GIT HUB url and save it in under bin folder under apache-jmeter installed folder which is in C drive, file name  
          and file extension should be same as shown in github.
             https://gist.github.com/borisguery/9ef114c53b83e553b635
      3). Now,Search for certificates -> click on view certificates -> Go to Authorities -> click on Import option -> save it under the bin folder in apache-jmeter extracted file in C drive
      4). Now select that file and click on Ok
      5). Now select all check boxes and click on OK so for that certificate has successfully added to the browser now just click OK.
      6). Now go to jmeter and then slect start and navigate to any application which you want, here i am navigating to below mentioned url.
               blazedemo.com/




------------------------------------As of now we used Firefox so we did lot of changes in browser level, now below is the process for chrome-------------------------------------------------

1.We need to use blazemeter plugin
2.Blazemeter is available chrome webstore we have to add that it into our extensions using below url.
     https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blazemeter-the-continuous/mbopgmdnpcbohhpnfglgohlbhfongabi?hl=en-US
3.After suuccessful adding, we need to click on it then we will get options like SIgn uP and login
4.As we dont have blazemeter account we need to do sign up and then login with the credentails
5.After Login, we need to click on blazemeter icon and there we see option as start button to start the test script.
6.Now we need to import this test script to jmeter to do so.After test script execution in blazemeter we need to click on edit and then select Jmeter Script option.
7.Then we need to select which format we need, for JMeter script format is .JMX so we need to select that option then it will automatically download a file in that format
8.Now we need to open jmeter and import that downloaded file to jmeter using file->open->then navigate the location where we have .JMX formatted script.
9.Once we import that it will import all like Caches and cookies and so on..,it will create a group called Thread Group where our each steps will store under Test folder.

 